# LeetCode Problem 53: [Maximum Subarray](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/)

## Problem Description
Given an integer array `nums`, find the contiguous subarray (containing at least one number) that has the largest sum and return its sum.

A subarray is a contiguous part of an array.

## Solution Approach
- We use Kadane's algorithm to find the maximum subarray sum.
- We maintain two variables: `sum` to keep track of the current subarray sum and `largestSum` to store the maximum subarray sum seen so far.
- We iterate through the array and update the `sum` by adding the current element if it increases the sum, or start a new subarray if it's greater than the sum.
- We update `largestSum` with the maximum value of `largestSum` and `sum` in each iteration.

## Java Solution Code

```java
class Solution {
    public int maxSubArray(int[] nums) {
        int largestSum = nums[0];
        int sum = nums[0];

        for (int i = 1; i < nums.length; i++) {
            if (nums[i] >= (sum + nums[i])) {
                sum = nums[i];
            } else {
                sum += nums[i];
            }
            largestSum = Math.max(largestSum, sum);
        }
        return largestSum;
    }
}
```

## Complexity Analysis
- **Time Complexity**: O(n), where n is the length of the `nums` array.
  - We iterate through the array once.
- **Space Complexity**: O(1), as we use only constant extra space.

## Code Explanation
1. We initialize two variables: `largestSum` and `sum` to the first element of the array `nums`.
2. We iterate through the array starting from the second element.
3. For each element `nums[i]`, we check if adding it to the current `sum` increases the sum or if it's better to start a new subarray.
4. We update the `sum` and `largestSum` accordingly in each iteration.
5. Finally, we return the `largestSum` as the result.
